[Music]
greetings this is Ashna through
Elizabeth truth when speaking to you
from the New Jerusalem at dawn on
January 9th 2016 Venus conjunct Saturn
with Antares nearby Venus is known as
the planet of love and is the sister
planet to earth Antares is a Waystation
for souls as they transition on those
who come from Venus are known as the
humerus the 7 holy humors are known as
the mind born sons of Brahma
this means they were conceived in
meditation and never born through a body
they are known as the Lords of the flame
and that refers to the violet flame
which is love and only love it burns
like a fire and can be used as an energy
for healing when earth fell into denser
and denser dimensions from the 100 to
the 12th to the 5th and down to the
third the transcendent beings the holy
kumaras pledged to remain on earth until
the grand experiment ended this is
unfolding now and is also referred to as
the ascension event many millions of
years ago the extraterrestrials who were
of the reptilian species as well as
those of the Alpha Draco
Earth has always been an experiment of
diversity that is one of the main issues
Earth is dealing with at the end now it
is used as a basis for war millions of
refugees are fleeing because of their
religion or the color of their skin
Earth was founded by refugees of the
orion wars this is the story told in the
Star Wars movie which is very accurate
to the true story and why so many yearn
to watch the movie over and over these
advanced beings used cloning technology
to alter their own DNA and reduce the
number of strands down from 12 to as
little as two the eleventh strand of DNA
governs emotions and the twelfth strand
governs the ability to love without
these the advanced reptilians and
draconians were able to commit
unspeakable atrocities and unable to
forgive themselves some of you are these
beings who Ward endlessly and that is
why your DNA has been repaired you
decided to return to love dot this is a
millions of years old story on earth
the fifth dimensional beings the
reptilians and draconians came to earth
and rape the third dimensional earth
women to have hybrid babies this is
spoken of in your Bible when they lesser
God slept with the daughters of lower
dimensional humans and had children by
them this broke cosmic law it is against
the law to mix the DNA of species we
have thousands of modern-day accountings
of malevolent reptilian
extraterrestrials kidnapping human women
from their beds beaming them onto ships
raping them impregnating them and
stealing their hybrid babies from their
womb the hybrids then finished their
gestation in an incubator aboard their
ships many women now recall having
several babies this way the will of
karma playing itself out as the memories
are storied on the DNA and carried from
lifetime to lifetime the traumas are
hard to shake
there has been endless war and control
on earth and now it ends the Holy Kilmer
has never fell from being one hundred
dimensional beings they have never been
born into a body they are able to
manifest a human body at will they are
like the most advanced Yogi's of India
or the high Buddhists priests who are
able to pass extreme tests and develop
their senses to a level of putting down
their human body at will sanika Sunanda
sanatana Sujata Kapila sana and sanity o
Mara have been spoken of in all the
ancient civilizations on earth they
never left Earth these are the ancient
astronauts the benevolent
extraterrestrials which you see in your
art architecture and ancient texts still
today they have taken on physical bodies
within every religion on every continent
through the ages teaching the highest
teachings of cosmic law they also take
on lives as royalty in government and in
any way that will help the development
of what was the 3d humans to get back to
a 5d reality many times they appeared in
their light bodies and are known in
ancient texts as the angels
extraterrestrials and angels are one and
the same the cameras are an angelic
force we are there now Venus is the only
planet in the solar system which spins
clockwise this is because it has a
powerful magnetic force earth has an
electromagnetic grid which is much
weaker magnetically than its sister
Venus this strong magnetic force will
conjunct Saturn today which is home to
the solar tribunal this is where those
indicted in Earth's World Court go to
stand trial it is similar to appealing
all the way to the Supreme Court it is
different in that when one is guilty at
the world court they must appeal higher
because in these cases they must also be
tried for intergalactic crimes
these ones are involved with the secret
space program and keeping all their
illegal activities secret to the
populace and that also breaks cosmic law
it is a kind of mass psychological
attack to keep Souls from evolving it
keeps them as slaves this is why there
must be a legal or political solution to
end the embargo on truth regarding
government's involvement with
extraterrestrials just as you have heard
stories of those like valiant Thor
there are many extraterrestrials today
working in roles within governments all
over earth they are adept beings fully
telepathic with each other they keep in
close contact with the malevolent
extraterrestrials in governments and
power and our plan to take them to
Saturn for trial is now in play venus is
15 million years in evolution ahead of
Earth this close conjunct to Saturn
involves extraterrestrial technology you
cannot yet comprehend your science
cannot define it for you
this conjunct or Union as we like to say
because it is a return to oneness by
using technology between Venus and
Saturn is preparing our solar system for
the sudden changeover on earth the very
next day January 10th 2016 Mars conjunct
the asteroid called Juno Juno is the
asteroid of love and her union with Mars
who is primed for some healing marks the
reunion of all Twin Flames - Union on
earth this leads to a five planets show
in the sky from January 20th to February
20th you'll have the opportunity to view
all five visible planets Mercury Venus
Mars Jupiter and Saturn in the same sky
together that hasn't happened in 11
years 11 representing the one human
becoming one with the supreme within
that period we will also have Chinese
New Year this is an open window for a
formal disclosure of the angelic
extraterrestrial presence on earth and
the Jubilee which will accompany it as
Benjamin creme has so well stated he has
said Senate kumara whose other name is
kaki Maitreya will return to Earth with
gifts of all kinds for all of humanity
to have what they need to be completely
free it is a requirement of the Jubilee
to make humanity aware of
extraterrestrials living on their planet
because the gold and the other gifts
like free energy from our technology
cannot be explained otherwise to free
the slaves we must have arrests
announcements and then landings in that
order how the event will unfold arrests
announcements and landings in that order
announcements will be made beginning
with President Obama he will tell of the
benevolent extraterrestrials he has been
working closely with including me Ashta
he will also announce the beginning of
the Jubilee at the same time others will
join him with their announcements this
will be broadcast not only on TV but
also the internet and will be able to be
seen on every phone and in every remote
area when it happens arrests may well
happen at the same time the president is
making his announcements arrests will
number in the 1 hundreds of thousands
and every police force on earth is part
of the plan this is the permanent
removal of the malevolent
extraterrestrials on earth the
reptilians and draconians earth will
ascend and become a planet of peace
those making war will be gone they will
be tried at the ICC the World Court and
then the solar tribunal you will see
these trials as they are conducted this
very likely could happen following a new
mass psychological attack a nuclear
threat or the world economy collapse
this would empower saint-germain to come
in and take over the world banking
systems it would happen in the blink of
an eye there will be a great deal of
evidence presented as the populace of
Earth heals and slowly learns of the
truths which have been hidden from them
the floodgates will be open and the love
will pour in most everybody will be
relieved they will not be afraid they
will say I knew something wasn't right
but I couldn't have known it was this
now that I know things will be much
better truth and Trust will be restored
for all humanity finally as we go
through the initial progress of
changeover it will make available what
is needed for landings earth will enter
zero point with our technological
assistance all wars will end weapons of
all types will not discharge at 0 point
the soldiers will return home
nonviolent offenders will be released
from jail mentors and healing technology
will be made available to every human on
earth the terraforming of Earth will
continue and the zero-point module aters
will be at 100% power connecting with
all the pyramids obelisks portals and
stargates on earth the WingMakers and
Pleiadian ships responsible for cleaning
up the ecosystem of Earth will become
visible overhead the Seas and rivers
will become aquamarine blue the skies
will be clear all of the environmental
pollution will be cleared away by our
helping hence there will be many changes
and too many to mention here this window
is a short period of time do everything
in your power now to drop everything in
your life which no longer serves you and
work hard at bringing in the changes
which most benefit your body your mind
your emotions your work your family and
friends pay attention
put down the fight be the change we are
ever ready to serve you as angelic
extraterrestrial beings of light happy
new year you have never been alone